Add a KBI on how to fix stale git-annex lock files (#101)
psychoinformatics-de/knowledge-base: kbi/0027/index.rst

.. index::
   single: git-annex; transfer lock

KBI0027: "Transfer already in progress, or unable to take transfer lock"
========================================================================

:authors: Adina Wagner <adina.wagner@t-online.de>
:discussion: <link>
:keywords: transfer lock, datalad get, data retrieval
:software-versions: datalad_0.19.2, git-annex_10.20221003

When retrieving or uploading data, users can in rare cases see a failure together with the message ``Transfer already in progress, or unable to take transfer lock``.
This message originates in lock files git-annex uses to keep several transfer processes from interfering with each other.

> Usually, it should suffice to wait a bit until the process that help the lock open is finished and released the lock automatically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Usually, it should suffice to wait a bit until the process that holds the lock open exits and releases the lock automatically.
```
